Bruce Chen
--------------------------------------------------------
[Full Name: Jiahua Chen]
[Gender: Male]
[Nationality: Chinese]
[Phone: +86 17621398980]
[Email: 610048251@qq.com]

[Career Development Experience]
- HashKey, Senior Developer (Wallet Designer), January 2023 - April 2023
- Bybit, Node.js Full Stack Engineer, February 2021 - November 2022
- Nike, Senior Developer, October 2019 - October 2020
- PwC New Venture, Tech Leader, February 2016 - October 2019
- Playab, Senior Developer, February 2015 - December 2015

[Skills]
- Proficient in Node.js, express, miday.js, Ethereum, AWS, MySQL design, and microservices architecture
- Experienced in designing and developing OpenResty gateway, Docker, and Kubernetes

[Key Project Experience]
- Web3-infra, August 2022 - December 2022
Project Description: As a foundational project, integrated conventional on-chain risk control capabilities and some whitelist integration into the platform. 
My role was to independently design and develop the project, and complete the launch.

- Bydefi, April 2022 - August 2022
Project Description: This was a cross-chain exchange project that required implementing multi-chain cross-chain exchange. The biggest challenge was to ensure the security of cross-chain exchange, as funds in the capital pool are public. As this project risk control leader, I designed the entire on-chain exchange security plan and made sure that every step of the operation was traceable, which helped ensure the project's success. In addition, I lead a team of two developers to complete the project development.

- NFT, January 2022 - Present
Project Description: As Bybit Group's annual project, we needed to implement the deposit and withdrawal of ERC721 and ERC1155 tokens. My role was to independently design, develop, and implement the on-chain process and ensure stable operation for over a year.

- Taie-User-Group, November 2021 - December 2022
Project Description: This project was developed to solve the problem of real-time synchronization of risk control white lists. As the Bybit Group uses AWS, I used AWS SNS to synchronize the real-time user group generated by the risk control real-time calculation. I implemented this project using the AWS Node.js library to insert data into SNS.

- Adyen, February 2020 - August 2020
Project Description: This project required daily synchronization of progress with the US team. I developed the Adyen payment status API and completed BDD test before deploying it to AWS.

